Lilliana Robinson: So Neil is literally on his plane right now, coming back from Chicago to the bay, so he'll be like Live and in camera in about 5 ish minutes.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, perfect! So as soon as he boards he'll be on. But
Lilliana Robinson: we've done the session a bunch of times, so
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of you have asked about Demo Day, and a lot of people usually ask about Demo Day like coming off of mentor madness. So that's why we always do this session right after the mid program Meetup to just set the stage. Let you guys know what's going on, what to expect. Answer all of your questions. And then I have picked out
Lilliana Robinson: some key examples like, I think about you guys and your companies and what you guys are going to be looking at presenting B, twob, BB. To see different kinds of companies, different goals for Demo Day, and I pick out some of the key examples, I think would help you. So
Lilliana Robinson: the last, like 45 min of today is gonna be spent doing going through examples and kind of discussing. But before that, let me pull up my deck.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, right.
Lilliana Robinson: can everybody see this?
Lilliana Robinson: We're good.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. So demo Day. The first thing is the preface and the expectations for demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're gonna talk about like what Demo Day is, what Demo Day isn't the history of Demo Day, and and what you can expect from this demo day. So this is gonna be. If I did
Lilliana Robinson: guess, probably our eighth demo day since we've done some combined ones, maybe our ninth
Lilliana Robinson: since this is our tenth and eleventh program. So Demo Day used to be this
Lilliana Robinson: giant giant giant event. Because think back to the start of techstars. We were one of the only accelerator programs in the whole nation. This was a new concept. So you know, you had a couple of other accelerators that came up at the time. But for techstars there were just 10 companies, 10 companies once a year in Boulder. This is the giant event. Everybody would fly from the country to go there Glitz and Glam bell of the ball style. But then we expanded. So then we started having Boston. We had Seattle.
Lilliana Robinson: Chicago, and then we started having more and more demo days. So over time, once we got to about 2020
Lilliana Robinson: Demo Day evolved into rather than just being this like one time, giant event, you have to be there into rather a springboard, or like I think of it as like a catillion. We're presenting you into society. And now, like these are the startups that have techstars like best blessing, and go meet them, go, meet them, help them, achieve their goals. It is this giant springboard putting you guys out there getting you known. And you are now
Lilliana Robinson: entering like startup world as like, oh, these guys are a big deal. Gotta keep your eye on them.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's how we've like, put demo day into perspective. For how it happens now, in 2024 people don't generally fly across the country to see demo days since demo days are happening from all sorts of accelerators like every month. There's a demo day, not just with techstars. But everybody. However, the best thing that we can talk about for demo day today is how to help each of you achieve your individual goals. That will help you set.
Lilliana Robinson: Because one thing we've learned is how to help each of our companies do that. Yeah, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm coming through. I would also add that there's 2 other things there. There's the artifact that they get as the outcome of Demo day itself that they can leverage. And then there's also the people that they can bring to the event itself. That could make a huge difference.
Lilliana Robinson: A 100%. So what Neil's referring to one, the artifact. So I'll get into why, this is not a streamed event later. But just know
Lilliana Robinson: it's not streamed, it's recorded. And it's professionally recorded. So we get a really high end videographer.
Lilliana Robinson: They make these artifacts, which is a 6 min video for just your company with intro music and your logo and everything, and you get that as a moment in time that you can then use. You can send it to investors. Potential customers. Put it on Linkedin all these different things, and it creates hype. And it gives you guys the opportunity to use this after the event itself. So it's not just one moment. You use this artifact again and again, and it becomes something very useful to have for your company
Lilliana Robinson: the second thing you said now was, Oh, you guys inviting people. So what's really important is, we have a long list of hundreds of people. We will invite. This is community members. This is the partners. These are potential investors in our investor network mentors that can help you or maybe be in advisors, lots and lots of different people who we've connected with in the bank.
Lilliana Robinson: But we also give you guys the opportunity to create invite lists. And this should be tailored to what your goal is, so everybody will have their own goal for demo Day. I'll get into that in a little bit, but it could be getting a new customer, maybe your B 2 B. You want to invite your customers here, which we've seen happen, and it works.
Zach : And didn't work.
Lilliana Robinson: We got someone.
Lilliana Robinson: There we go, which we've seen happen, and it works. It could be investors that you want to start having those warm conversations with you. Wanna bring them in. Get them interested in you. It could be potential advisors or key strategic mentors that you want to be a part of your company, and maybe they're more high profile. So you want them to come and see all the hype around your company lots and lots of different things like that. Maybe your B to C, and you just want all the people in the audience to download your app.
Lilliana Robinson: which is something we've had people do as well.
Lilliana Robinson: So whatever your individual goal is will help you achieve it, and you can craft your invite list around that.
Lilliana Robinson: So I like to say this, a lot of people
Lilliana Robinson: a couple of programs ago we're talking about. Oh, I'm gonna Win Demo Day, which I'd never heard people say before. And I corrected them, and I was like winning. Demo Day is is not a competition between each of you like. There's not a winner of Demo Day. The people who win Demo Day are the people
Lilliana Robinson: to gain
Lilliana Robinson: an adequate amount of follow up meetings that help them work toward their goal. So I always like. Look at the people around in the networking hour after they've done their pitch and video. And QA. And I see who is making these meaningful connections? Who is getting these people to scan their calendar link and sign up for these follow ups. And who who's follow ups from that, are helping them achieve their goal. Whether that's investors, customers, whatever it is.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of people are looking for partners or partnerships at these events as well. So winning Demo day is getting the most amount of follow up meetings that help you move the rock, move the needle toward your goal.
Lilliana Robinson: I also want to start, because I'm sure a lot of you are wondering about the venue. So I'm already going to get that out of the way before I start talking about the format. So the venue that we've decided is block 15 in Oakland. This is a super cool venue. Here's some pictures I really like it. I'm extremely excited. It's actually an art gallery.
Lilliana Robinson: and all of the cool events in Oakland happen here. So Jp. Morgan, who they, Nicole, and Musa, both live in Oakland. They put us onto this. And then Max and I went and visited it last week while we were in the bay with you guys. And it was awesome. So we're gonna have food drinks. It'll be great.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys will be able to pitch on stage in this upper left, and we'll project, and the lighting's awesome. It's just gonna be a good time. So you can look at pictures there if you want to be familiar with the space we're looking at like a pretty
Lilliana Robinson: good size. So around like 303, 50 is what you can expect. Our Chicago demo days are like 202 50 but we know that a lot more people will come in the bay, so like 300 is what you can expect. And then with that I'll get into our secret sauce, Demo day format.
Lilliana Robinson: So a question in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Thanks. JT.
Lilliana Robinson: So I call this our secret sauce because we came up with this after Covid. And now, textires Austin, Texas, anywhere Texas, Sydney in Australia, Texas, twin cities in Minneapolis. Those are just the people I know of. They've all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now did it to.
Lilliana Robinson: Seattle. Okay, cool. So all those people have adopted this format. So the history here is Neil. And my first program with Brad was
Lilliana Robinson: put virtually because of 2020. So we had to run virtual demo Day, the traditional techstars. Demo Day is a 10 min pitch with slides per company. That's it. So, like you go up, you pitch your company for 10 min, solo. Just the CEO, you have your slides, and then you sit down.
Lilliana Robinson: We did that virtually. So we gave everybody 10 min video recording with their slides, and we sent it out. And what we noticed was even before Covid people had started not coming to demo days. They had kind of become unenamered
Lilliana Robinson: with the idea of sitting through these 10 min pitches, and we've noticed that on the data on our virtual demo day. So we noticed that, like people would listen to 2 or 3 min of the pitch, and then just start skipping through, which was not great, because our founders took a long time to craft those, and there was a lot of really good information. So we noticed, like when we go back, live. So in 2021, when we got the go ahead
Lilliana Robinson: to start planning for 2022, when we could have our first in person. Demo Day, we thought, what what can we change? You know? Maybe this isn't the best format to go about it. Times have changed. People are more saturated. They're hearing pitches all the time. How can we make it engaging to the audience cause at the end of the day? That's what matters for, you guys, you can have a great time pitching on stage. Maybe you love giving long pitches. But if no one's listening, you're not gonna achieve your goal. So that's our like highest priority for you guys. So we thought about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I asked what the what the job of Demo Day was like, what? What's the Gtvd of Demo Day?
Lilliana Robinson: Do you wanna elaborate now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Well, you said the follow up meetings right? I think that sets you up to talk about the format next.
Lilliana Robinson: So we experimented with this, the last. Now it's like 6 programs, and it has been an extreme success. So before I show you the format. All of the people that come. We have very few trickle out in the middle of the event which used to be a major problem for techstars demo days, and we have people extremely engaged throughout each pitch like I watch them and I see them. Everyone's listening to all of it. They're extremely excited to talk to the companies afterward, rather than just being tired of people droning on for 10 min each. It is a hard to sit through all of that.
Lilliana Robinson: So what we do instead is make it a lot more engaging. So here's Neil at done my day.
Lilliana Robinson: one of our Chicago demo days.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, no! Before I show the format, do you want to talk about how it's like? Why, it's not a fundraising event, and why? It's rather the springboard to fundraising.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Come back to this in like 3 min. I'm getting up to.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. We'll come back to that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Lilliana Robinson: Our format is to arm you
Lilliana Robinson: rather than just like pitching on stage. And then hopefully, people just come up to you and offer you money. That just doesn't happen. So what does happen is, our companies get checks, but they get checks after a couple of meetings post Demo Day. And the reason for that is because our demo day
Lilliana Robinson: acts as the first meeting with the investor. So very similarly to how Troy explains, like sending a data room will like it. Get rid of a lot of the preconceived notions they have about your business and help you get cut through the noise
Lilliana Robinson: our demo day allows you like, I say here, to have confidence, clarity, and real skills by articulating your business by answering questions on stage, so it will serve as the first meeting to get through any sort of hesitations for why people would not want to meet with you. We have you answer the hard questions.
Lilliana Robinson: And after people see that they want to have these meetings with you, and it's on an expedited track, because they already have heard all of this stuff they've heard about your your traction. They've heard about the assumptions that you're making on your business, and why certain problems are not problems, and why you're
Lilliana Robinson: really ready to scale to be a billion dollar business. This has worked immaculately in comparison to the 10 min single pitch, because people left those pitches having so many questions that weren't answered
Lilliana Robinson: because a lot of people make it sunshine and rainbows and their pitches. You, I'm sure you guys have seen a bunch of pitches on stage before. Instead, we hit the hard truth. So what are people wondering, after seeing your 1 min pitch? What do you think that they're gonna ask about.
Lilliana Robinson: And then you just hit the nail on the head and answer it with a pre prepared response that we craft to be like perfectly crispy and concise.
Lilliana Robinson: So the format is one product, 1 min product video.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min elevator pitch on the mic with no slides
Lilliana Robinson: and 4 min of QA. With an Eir with one slide displayed to enhance their sponsors in your QA. One caveat here is that you choose the order of these 2. So most people do pitch. First, there are some reasons why you would want to do product video. First, for example.
Lilliana Robinson: we had a company
Lilliana Robinson: called halon technologies. They're making batteries for drones. And it's just way easier to get people on board and to visualize what they're talking about by showing the product video first, then he gets on stage and explains the rest. So if that's something that you feel like would make sense for your product, we can talk about it. But just most people do pitch first
Lilliana Robinson: 4 min of QA. The eirs hand pick you guys kickball style during the last month. So once they've met with each of you. Once you do your final rotation. That that first or second week of the final rotation the Eirs pick you, and then you'll have about
Lilliana Robinson: 2 or 3 weeks to work with them and craft your QA. But we'll already be crafting your questions before you have your eir assigned. The purpose of that is that each er is extremely invested emotionally in your company, because they chose to be representing you on stage. They'll come up. It'll be like fireside style where it's like 2 chairs, little table in between. And you're just chatting like you're on a talk show. I always say it's like Oprah.
Lilliana Robinson: So people do not know that it's pre prepared. If the Eirs do a good job which these Eirs do an amazing job on stage. They've almost all of them have already been on stage. Once
Lilliana Robinson: you're playing off of each other. You're riffing. It seems like you're having a conversation. That's why I say talk, show, and even though you know the answers to your questions for everyone else, it seems like the Eir is grilling you on stage, so I'll show you that in Jake, from zest in his video because Eric
Lilliana Robinson: Eric Severing House, who did your mental health workshop, he was his Eir, and a lot of people came up to us afterward and said Eric was so harsh with Jake like he was really grilling him like that was extremely intense. And we're like, Yeah, I mean, and Jake handled it so well. But we know in the back of our head like it was prepared. So it does fool people, because people were very concerned about Jake, and how Eric grilled him, even though they both
Lilliana Robinson: practice that for like weeks, which is really cool.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have a lot of practice practice sessions designed to help you prepare both synchronously and asynchronously. Here are the slot of them. So in 2 weeks you're gonna have intro to demo day prep with Troy and myself. He's gonna introduce the concept of a pitch. What a pitch should entail. Then you'll have pitch practice with him in 2 weeks after that. In between that I run a product, Demo, walk through where we go through your story boards of like ideation phase. What do you want to include? And we give each other feedback?
Lilliana Robinson: We'll have alumni pitch practice one of our pitch pitch coaches from Chicago.
Lilliana Robinson: It's gonna come, do pitch tips and tricks, which is always very helpful. We'll have mentor pitch practice, and then we'll have Eir QA. Practice sessions. So it'll start with me and Neil working with you guys in small groups to develop some of your questions, and then the Eirs will have individual practice sessions with you, and then the very last thing the week before Demo day. How we get you completely ready is you'll have these individual 30 min practice sessions with me and Neil, which is where.
Lilliana Robinson: like the nail is like nailed in all the way it's sealed. This is our set for Demo Day, so we'll get you guys all squared away, and then the Monday of Demo Day is when you get approved. So we'll have approval. Sessions where you come up, and you give your whole demo day. Set all 3 parts, and
Lilliana Robinson: most people get approved. We've had a couple of people not approved which is not great, so if you're not approved, only one person has been not approved to actually pitch. Most people hit the 24 h deadline of being not approved by the next day. You need to have whatever changes we tell you implemented so by that Tuesday, the reason being, if it's not ready by Tuesday. It's not gonna make it into the deck because we have to send it to the AV people multiple days before.
Lilliana Robinson: So like, really, really be aware, the week before Demo Day, when you're having these 30 min practice sessions is really your deadline. Monday is when you're presenting it test to be finalized. I don't want anyone to be not approved on Monday, because then it becomes like a mad rush, and it's kind of embarrassing. So Monday, before Demo Day is your deadline. I think it's the twenty-seventh. So just have that in your head drop dead.
Lilliana Robinson: The event will be a Mega demo day for all 24 companies. We did this last time, and it was an extremely fun event. Because of this shorter style, since it's only 6 min per company. It worked really well. So we just we provided a lot of food, a lot of drinks, and it was a really fun event. And then we have that 1 h cocktail networking hour like right after.
Lilliana Robinson: And that went into like 10 Pm. And everyone stayed like we had some worries. It was a hypothesis. Oh, is like 5 to 10 kind of going to be too long.
Lilliana Robinson: and it ended up being so fun. So the actual event ended at like 8 30, and then we had an hour and a half or so of networking, and once we cleaned up by 10 we had to start kicking people out. But amazing conversations were happening like for a lot of the founders. We couldn't even get the people to like stop talking to them, even though we had to close down the venue. So it was a full house. Yeah, Sophie.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, real quick. Sorry. We're just wanted to clarify. Demo Day is a.
Lilliana Robinson: Sheep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Friday is a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you said, Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'll type it. I'll type it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Sophie Davis: Liliana, do you mind going to the last slide?
Sophie Davis: Yeah, the Lisa, just confirming your your question or answering it.
Sophie Davis: Are the prep sessions the week before. And and all the prep sessions with you are those in person.
Sophie Davis: And, Liliana, you're on mute also.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so be my sound cut out. No, I think your sound was fine. Actually, I think it was on my end. Sophie, can you say it again.
Sophie Davis: Yeah. Are the prep sessions. Which of these sessions on the slide are in person versus virtual.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a great question. So everything is virtual until we get to our in person week. So nothing on this slide is going to be in person. The first in person thing will be when we're back in person the week of Demo Day, which is that Monday approval, session.
Sophie Davis: And we have another question in the chat, which is, is there a deadline for the presentation in the video.
Lilliana Robinson: All of it is Monday, the Monday of Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: None of the stuff on this slide is in person, because then we would have to wait until the last week, because we won't see each other again until the last week. So all of this prep happens virtually before we get there, and then when we get there, you're ready to go, and we approve you.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Lilliana Robinson: Ally, we we have the Eir select, you guys like I said kickball style. So like they're choosing the the people that mean the most to them, or that they connect the most with. So we do that privately. About like 3 weeks before Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: Lisa says the prep session the week before, and that final Monday. So the week before.
Lilliana Robinson: We're not in person. Lisa. So those 30 min ones are virtual as well. And then everybody has the
Lilliana Robinson: same deadline which is Monday for presentation video and pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil, do you want to elaborate on what you put in the chat? I think your sound was fine. Actually, it was just my.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, sure. So what we're saying is, basically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's not a guarantee that you get to present a demo day. You have to do your part to show up. Be prepared and have your act together. If you don't have the pitch organized, and in on time, if you don't have your video dialed in. If you're not on the same page with the Ei, or about Q. A's, you won't pitch. We won't approve it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and and we're dead serious. We very rarely had that problem, but it's an important expectation to set. I don't want any founder of ours to think that they deserve to be on stage, regardless of their level of preparedness and our approval of it.
Lilliana Robinson: And you guys can guess the reason for that right? Because if one of you guys seems extremely unprepared, it's gonna reflect poorly on the rest of you. We want this to be an extremely professional event, with extremely
Lilliana Robinson: interesting and high performing companies, who like have their whole set as a very impressive format. So if one of you isn't like that, we wouldn't want the rest to suffer. So that's the reason. In the past we've chosen to have someone sit out.
Lilliana Robinson: Maricell asks, would you guys look at the product videos beforehand for feedback? I'm assuming, yes, but just check it. Yep. So we have the product, Demo Walkthrough, which is my session. I made to help you guys just have like a checkpoint where it's like, let's start talking about the storyboard. After that it usually happens asynchronously. So people will start having their videos ready
Lilliana Robinson: at different points. A lot of people don't have it ready for a while because they hire people to help other people do it themselves. And it's ready, like, 2 weeks after that walk through. So you guys can just post it on base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Send us a box you're like, hey? Can you check this out? And then we'll give you feedback constantly. So think of it as like an open feedback loop, iterative. Constantly, asynchronously via base camp. You can also send videos or boxes of your pitch as you iterate that in between sessions. With Troy and the alumni, we can give you feedback there as well. So even though, like we won't meet with you, meet with you Individually until the week before we expect to be giving you feedback the whole time. That's what always happens.
Lilliana Robinson: Our team is also on all of these pitch practices and stuff. And so we're giving you feedback along the way as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions here before we move on.
Danny Pereira: One quick, one.
Danny Pereira: For the product. Demo. Just do you guys normally have your founders like produce those in house as there, like resources that we could use to kind of make those look really great, just wondering how that's normally dealt with.
Lilliana Robinson: Good question. So we prescribe this crappier the better, like not dumping a bunch of money into these. I've had people like literally use $0. They had, like their wife, record it, and as like the narrator and they made it on canva, it's not a joke. I'm gonna show it to you. I've had people, mostly people pay like 2 50 to 500 to get like a few assets that they need, and otherwise they're just making it.
Lilliana Robinson: Some people blow the budget and spend like a thousand to 2,000. I do not recommend that, because unless it's something
Lilliana Robinson: extremely video heavy where, like that is the whole point. For example, we had a muralist company in the last cohort. They really needed to display the murals in their video, or else it wasn't going to get across. So they had to pay someone to get the drone footage, etc.
Lilliana Robinson: Very rare cases like that. You would need to pay. I do not think you guys need to be shelling out cash for this. As for resources, we don't provide the resources, but a lot of you already have ideas or people that you would use share those. That's what usually happens in the class. It's like, Hey, I have this great resource. This is what I'm using. If anyone else wants to, we'll do, Neil. And then Antonio.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1 one thing to clarify there, though in Leanna, the only exception I would speak to with that is, if
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the team or the founder of the company
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is investing in a product video for other purposes. So for example, if you're gonna put it on your website, or if there's some other sort of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sales strategy that you have it play, and you're in need of of a of an artifact like that to help you, and and to help drive interest in some way, shape or form. There's a justification. There's a justification that you could kind of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know. Bring to the table that would support you. But that assumes you actually have a product that is real and ready. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you don't want a vaporware product, or I mean, there's an argument for a Kickstarter style campaign product as well. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can only think of a couple of people who might be in that position in this class.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's a great point. Some people do invest a lot of money and then put it on their website or something like that. Before I answer the other questions. This might help
Lilliana Robinson: some people. A lot of people do not show their product in the product, Demo. Rather, they briefly overview the product, and spend the majority of the minute with a customer testimonial
Lilliana Robinson: that is extremely helpful. So if you feel like, you do not need to explain all the intricacies of your product include customers include how it's changed their life. I will show you multiple examples of that today. But those are my favorite of the product videos. Because there's one thing to show like, this is our product. You click here. This is how it works. And there's another to show the outcome think jobs to be done? And W. 3. What is the outcome? What is the success we're getting for our customer through this product? So showing that means 10 times more.
Lilliana Robinson: Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So we are thinking of doing a quick
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: demo like during the 1 min pitch on stage the live pitch to showcase the hardware prototype and do like a live demo while I talk.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But we're still unsure. Whether that's that, that's a possibility or not. Would it? Would it be a possibility for for you guys from your side, or or we should abandon that that thought.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's usually a bad idea, because things can go wrong.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would recommend you have the hardware on you, and you can like show it. But you should kinda almost like fake a live demo in that. You're demonstrating what it would do conceptually by mapping it to whatever you would show on the screen or the video.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I I would recommend you not rely on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a live, effective performance because things go wrong. And then all of a sudden. That was your one shot.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: You're also not going to have anything behind you during the pitch, Antonio. So I would just put it in the video, and, like Neil said. Have the hardware so you can show it. Talk about it. But any sort of showing on the screen will happen during the video. Only.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I see. Got it. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Mircha.
Mircea Gogoncea: So I'm wondering about the final video that we get from the videographers. Can we have some input on the music? Or maybe I mean, I I don't wanna go too crazy. But could they like give us the project files? Cause I I make video professionally. I might be able to. You know I would love to tweak it. I don't know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think that's that's like a really easy ask for them. I like, I can ask.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: But for the music you guys choose the music. So you have walk on music like you're in the Nba. Or I. I don't know sports that well, but you know, like, when you're getting ready to go so you'll hear it in these
Lilliana Robinson: founders that I'm gonna show you. Everybody gets to pick like 15 s of whatever clip like hypes them up. And then that's what the videographers use at the start of your video clip, because that's what you're walking up to. And we also give them your video asset. So they're not filming the video being projected. They just embed it in the actual recording.
Lilliana Robinson: Lisa.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Oh, a weird question. If we're potentially, I mean, if we're able to shoot a video that looks like we spend a lot of money.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Without spending a lot of money. Will that reflect fully on investors thinking we're wasting money, or is it just? It'll look cool, and they'll press people.
Lilliana Robinson: I think Bill had.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I mean, specific.
Lilliana Robinson: I know what you mean. That's a great question. I don't think people scrutinize it that much where cause they don't know your life right, like you guys could have just invested a bunch of your own money in there and like really believe in it and paid for that. So I don't think they're scrutinizing it with how you spend your money. I know we're kind of scared. You guys being scrappy is a lot more about like you viewing you rather than like other people judging you. And it's about the help your business internally. So being scrappy like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, is great. So like the best you can make it. I do want high fidelity videos. So like the absolute best you can make it on a low budget is what I would like to see from you guys.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: There like. I'll tell you if it's bad, and I'll have you guys redo it. There was one person that showed it to us, and I literally said, like, this is bad. You need to redo it because I didn't want them to embarrass themselves.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So doubt.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, I do have one guest I'd like to invite, at least, for now is there a deadline? For when we should remit all the guest lists out to you.
Lilliana Robinson: The deadline is going to be like in a long time from now. I'll put it on your to do list, probably next week to start thinking about it. I think it'll probably be in like week 10, or maybe week 9. We want to give them enough time to get in, but we also don't need to send it out right now. So you have about 2 or 3 weeks to start thinking about it.
Pardo Walter: Got it. And where is this located? Again.
Lilliana Robinson: You'll see it in your to do list when it's due. So like it's not in your to do list right now, because you don't have to worry about it, so I'll put it next week for you to start thinking about it, and then I'll put the place for you to submit it probably the week after. Just so just keep checking your company to do list every week, and you'll see it.
Pardo Walter: Okay. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll be in the form of a spreadsheet, so you'll give us their name like the company, or whatever they're associated with, or maybe if they're an investor or a mentor, just so we can tag them. And then their email. So that's it. And we'll send out an email on your behalf from techstars and say, like a company, would really like to invite you to Demo day you know, here's their link, and we usually have a higher hit rate
Lilliana Robinson: of us sending it like that. So they get the formal invite. But we also encourage you guys. Once we send out the invite link don't share it on social media, but share it specifically with people who you would like to invite. So just hit them 2 times right. They'll get it from us. They'll get it from you, and then we'll increase the conversion rate.
Pardo Walter: Perfect. Thank you so much, and thanks for people that answered in the chat as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Do we have questions in here?
Lilliana Robinson: Cool?
Lilliana Robinson: All right, I think.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So it'll be 3 h followed by 1 h of cocktail. Start building your investor pipelines now, or your invite list. So I say, investor pipelines here because a lot of you will want to invite invite investors. But just build your pipelines in general.
Lilliana Robinson: Think about what your goal is. Talk to your team. If you have a team decide what it is for you to win Demo Day? Is it to get X number of like consumer customers? Is it to get one big like B, 2 B customer, get that one partnership to that big brand, or is it to get like
Lilliana Robinson: 10? Follow up meetings with investors, whatever it is. Think about that first, and then craft your pipeline backwards. When I say pipeline, I just mean invite list.
Lilliana Robinson: When you send that to us. We'll send those invites out within 2 weeks
Lilliana Robinson: any more questions cause. I have a bunch of examples to show you guys and Neil feel free to unmute. If you wanted to add anything else before we move forward.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think, just on the the whole fundraising piece. And how Demo Day isn't a fundraising event.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the. There's a misconception both joining text ours and demo day itself
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that that just translates to dollars. Raise your commitments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure it has happened plenty of times in our programs where an investor at Demo Day sees a founder, and they pitch, and they either make them an offer on the spot, or very quickly. Within the next week or 2 an investment or a deal gets done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that is not
Neal Sáles-Griffin: something you should expect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it's not something you should plan for, and it's not something that we
Neal Sáles-Griffin: think is is is a product or expected outcome of Demo Day. I hope you're super clear about that if it happens, that's great. But by no means is that what anybody should
Neal Sáles-Griffin: expect will be delivered to them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You could facilitate great opportunities to have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: expedited conversations with investors because you make them aware of what you're doing. You've been updating them through techstars through your journey. They show up to Demo Day or you share the Demo Day video with them afterwards, and it leads you down the path of due diligence that leads you to a commitment or an exciting moment. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's not something that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is a is a value prop from techstars at this stage for for any of our programs. So I just wanted to be super duper, clear about that.
Lilliana Robinson: And we, we say that just to give you the truth of the reality of demo days in 2024 so that you guys can then, like, set the right expectations and achieve success in these alternate ways.
Lilliana Robinson: So not saying that to kind of poop who anybody who is like excited about it. It's just the truth.
Lilliana Robinson: brahan.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, just a question on the invite list. I I know you said that. You know, it's good to invite, like prospective investors, customers, etc. What about like family.
Lilliana Robinson: Great question. I love that. So you guys will be responsible for friends and family invites. It's unlimited. A lot of people find it very helpful to have their family and friends come and support them pretty much. Every founder has at least one loved one. Come and support them.
Lilliana Robinson: No limit. You guys aren't responsible for that, though. So that's not going to be in like the invite list you send us. I'll just make a separate post once we have the event, page, and I'll say, Okay, it's time to invite your friends and family right now, if, like, you have friends and family asking you cause. Maybe they're gonna fly in. It's May thirtieth from 5 to 9 ish
Lilliana Robinson: like Ish, because it'll be like a networking hour at the end, so it'll taper off, and it's at Block 15 in Oakland. So that's like the save the date. If you want to send to your friends and family now may thirtieth, 5 Pm. Block 15.
Lilliana Robinson: Otherwise we'll send, like the actual link for them to register, so that they have the sign up and all the info information. A little bit later Moocha.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, Mark and I were thinking about doing something special in the beginning, like, I don't know trying to get people to sing together or doing something. Really, you know, extravagant is that is, that allowed, or encouraged, or pooh! Poohed.
Lilliana Robinson: That's interesting. What do you think, Neil?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We? Let's talk about it. We we've had people with these ideas before, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I don't know if anything creative. There. There was one we had the we had the the live painting that happened last time, remember, from low pressure,
Lilliana Robinson: They? They might not know about it, but basically they had spray painting happen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, somebody Spray painted on stage. So that was the most we've done. We can talk about it. No promises. But let's like conceptualize something that we think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: could be done in a way that wouldn't disrupt the order of operations or any other founder founders. Experience on stage.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice. That sounds amazing. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: My answer. Mantra is like a lot of people have all these exciting ideas now, but, like on the day of I promise you it's gonna be already stressful enough for, like the thing that we're trying to do. I know you're a performer. So you're like, it's no sweat. But the operations are just like wild. The day of it feels like the day just flies by, because it's almost like doing a wedding where it's just like it's it happens in a blink of an eye. So I like to be very cautious before changing the order of operations, because we've made it so that it
Lilliana Robinson: it flows and like it works 100 of the time. So we can talk about it. But just know, I'm like extremely cautious about stuff like that.
Mircea Gogoncea: Totally makes sense. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. So this is my favorite part, because I have lots of examples for you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Do we have questions in the chat?
Lilliana Robinson: Nelson says I'm starting to get inbound interest from investors. One asked me if I was actively fundraising. I said, No, I'm working on a product and we'll start fundraising post Demo Day. Any advice around this? Should I take meetings or push them out, Nelson. The best time to raise is when you don't need to raise. So it's awesome that you're saying no, I promise you that's making them even more excited. And for most of you the best thing to say is that you're launching your raise or kicking off your raise at Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: So like not starting prematurely, it's very helpful that makes this a huge splash. You'll get a lot of interest.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That that example is exactly what Nelson just said is exactly why we do this format.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because the whole notion here is that if they see your demo day
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that that first conversation is already done, and you didn't even meet with them yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what what merit taught me, which I think is really smart.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, he would
Neal Sáles-Griffin: kind of stack a bunch of investor conversations and meetings
Neal Sáles-Griffin: post Demo day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So he had all his founders when he was in Eir schedule their meetings, one to 2 weeks after Demo Day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: As a means to like, basically say, let me finish my progress with techstars. Let's have you check out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and Demo Day either make it or I'll send you the, you know video afterwards, and then let's meet after that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's and it's also a great way to invite people who, you know, won't come to Demo Day, but if it, it gives you a reason to contact them and reach out. And if they can't make Demo Day you're like, hey? Well, that's okay. Let me just meet with you, anyway, and tell you what's going on, you know. So it's a way to almost instigate a series of meetings with people you otherwise wouldn't have a reason to reach out to or talk to.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. Okay, so we'll take more questions. But let's get into some of the examples. So we're gonna start with Jake.
Lilliana Robinson: Jake is B to C.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna watch the whole thing.
Lilliana Robinson: I think Neil correct me if I'm wrong like you thought Jake could have done an even better job. This is like probably a good job. His pitch is really helpful because he
Lilliana Robinson: action a lot of the Delta that he got from the beginning of techstars to the end, because they had a huge leaky bucket conversion problem at the beginning. They fixed it in the end, thanks thanks to jobs to be done and he talks about it. In this set, his video is really good. So when you guys watch the video try to think what you can guess is his goal from this set, because it's pretty clear. And he achieved it. So I'll play this video.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was jake was not proud of his Demo Day performance, but he is a very tough critic and stuff, so I enjoyed it. But I do think that there's areas for improvement. And just as another cautionary note, just like when we heard Mark's founder story.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all of us right now, as we watch, these are armchair quarterbacks, it's very easy for us to identify what's wrong and what we don't like about what we're seeing. And I'm telling you in the moment when it's live.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's all pretty awesome
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because you're just kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like you don't remember all the details. No one's going back and looking at the replay or the recording. They're trying to like, realize what little details they can recall from those 6 min. So there's 3 main things that people will remember. What are? What are those 3 things for each of the pitches that you all will watch right now. That's what I would prompt you with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're an app that teaches people how to cook. Zest is so much more than a recipe fest offers skills and knowledge that you can use for the rest of your life. We're doing what headspace does for meditation. What mint does for personal finance, what Duolingo does for language we teach, we test, we reinforce. So users can gain agency open process. And people are psyched that someone's finally stepping in to satisfy this need.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they're really psyched. Actually.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: since we launched the first version of our product 8 months ago, we've had over a hundred 30,000 account activations with $0 spent on customer of over 140,000 people and reached over 20 million people in the last 3 months. We've refined our product, turning enthusiasm into revenue. We've raised our paid conversion percentage 20 X for revenue 5 X. And we're about to make an entire generation happier and healthier through the power of company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Rough gotta give a little talk. Sorry
Neal Sáles-Griffin: shit. I'm early. Sorry, Jake.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll be right back. I'm sorry about that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: See you a minute.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as you just saw during techstars. My company zested 5 x rmr. To $3.5,000 a month by selling an app that teaches people how to cook.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because more people need to be able to make nourishing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: affordable and enjoyable food for themselves.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Our our competitive advantage is our ability to speak to our audience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We know that 20 posts a week across Instagram and Tiktok we hold 1,200 organic downloads with viral upside.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Our analytical rigor at the top of the funnel has allowed us to sustain a 16% week over week growth rate throughout the course of techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're good at speaking to people within our app, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Since August. We've been converting users to our $10 monthly subscription at a rate that's 50% higher than average for education apps.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're like culinary school.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If culinary school is cheap.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hilarious, and you can do it from your couch
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every year millions of twentysomethings graduate into the real world and come to realize that a lifestyle of frozen food, and Doordash will leave them feeling unhealthy, unfulfilled, and with a hole in their wallet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's why 9 out of 10 of them want to improve their cooking skills. Why, 50% of them are cooking more than they did last year. And why I'm on this stage
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to scale something that gives this increasingly large cohort the confidence they need to change that from their very own kitchens.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now it's talk I can call right. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: good on it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, in all of this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: poor entrepreneurs have to go through all of this. These guys go through this nerve-wracking experience, and here it is the Eir that screws up the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: anyway. Sorry about that, Jake. All right. I'm glad I didn't rob the audience of that presentation, because I love the discussion around zest. I love the conversation around food.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can you tell me more about how you spent the last 3 months at techstars?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We've made measurable impacts on our company throughout techstars. We 3 xed our
Neal Sáles-Griffin: session average session time, the time that the user spends in the app we 20 x our conversion rate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all of that is due. And if there's one thing to know about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: myself but my team who I work with because we've obsessed over knowing who our customer is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we've worked with industry leaders at the future of food to understand how and why people learn how to cook.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We've spent hours and hours talking to our users to find out where we succeeded them and where we fell short.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and what we came to realize was that we had a time to value issue in the app.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So my team got to work. We built around that, and we saw the results that we saw.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it sounds like virality is kind of key to your customer acquisition.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And, as we all know, virality can be notoriously fickle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Algorithms change previously. Available methods get arbitraged away like virality can be a really volatile metric to build a company on. Can you help me understand why we can trust the the customer acquisition as you think about virality?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So virality is not our strategy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One of the key goals that we went into Techstar was trying to achieve was to complete brand phase one of our brand rollout and content acquisition strategy to create some predictability around our organic growth.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we did just that. We now know that 20 posts a week across platforms with a proprietary blend of trending and unique content, will yield 1,200 organic downloads.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now there is viral upside there. We do outperform that, but it's certainly not what we've modeled our business around.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. But you're not the only one creating food content out there right? There are plenty of other big food influencers. There's Joshua Joshua Wiseman. There's the golden balance. These folks have millions of followers in a dedicated fan base. How do you compete with them in a very crowded marketplace.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We don't view them as our competition. We view what they do as highly complimentary. To what zest does they build?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: A tremendous amount of intent in future zest users somebody who
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is scrolling through their phone on Tiktok, watching beautiful food content being made with a Doordash order directly to the right of them on the same platform that they're looking at. That content finds our organic content showing them how they get from the bag on the table to what they're looking at on their phone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for us as the golden balance scales. As Joshua Weisman scales their followings, so, too, does the future cohort of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah high intensest users.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But these guys are also doing cooking lessons right? Like, I hear your answer. But they're also doing cooking lessons. They're also teaching people how to cook.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So so how do you differentiate yourself? And and in particular, where a lot of their stuff is free?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you're asking people to pay you money.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How do you differentiate yourself sufficiently so that you can get people to pay you money for your content?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: free options in general
Neal Sáles-Griffin: don't effectively teach.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're fairly bulky, entertaining, yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lack any educational rigor. It's the same reason, ultimately, that someone would pay for Duolingo or headspace, or mirror, or brilliant.org, or lucid or peloton.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 75% of people under the age of 35. Consider cooking to be wellness.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 9 out of 10 in that same cohort are willing to spend $300 a month on their wellness.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All the test is doing is stepping up to satisfy that existing need.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So your engagement numbers seem great, right? I heard everything that you said about how you're able to get people to engage with the platform fantastic. But your Mrr is pretty low, comparatively right. Can you help me understand how you're thinking about the business model in that world?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So I think I guess to put it in perspective for zest to be 10 million dollars AR,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we would need 83,000 paid subscribers
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right now, entirely organically, without putting any money behind our message. We have one 145,000 people following us on social media.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We've reached 20 million people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Again, entirely, organically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: other comparable learning apps do like I just leaned on. Duolingo is a 4 billion dollars business headspace. 3 billion dollars. Brilliant org is worth hundreds of millions, as is lucid.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All we're trying to do is take what has been effective in the way that they've taught people how to do certain tasks and apply it to food.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, in terms of my team's ability to execute. On that, we went into techstars with 2 specific goals. We wanted to create predictability at the top of the funnel, and we wanted to improve our product. And I'm so proud I'm like looking at my team right now. I'm so proud
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of the fact that we just knocked those out of the water.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And so I'm energized. I'm excited by the opportunities and the unknowns to come that we can solve.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm I'm thrilled at the space that we're in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: very cool. Any last thoughts for the audience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure, yeah, there is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this QR code on the right side of your screens?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If the idea of changing the way that people think about food energizes you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or if anything that, I said
Neal Sáles-Griffin: requires a follow-up. If anything draws curiosity
Neal Sáles-Griffin: book a time to chat. I'd love to talk.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So what did everybody think? I saw lots of things in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Mitcha.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, I have so many thoughts. So I think that correcting somebody making a mis sort of articulating a misconception about your product is the best way hands down to correct those misconceptions in people's heads. So I love that part about it. I also think,
Mircea Gogoncea: that the conversation felt very genuine, and even though it was scripted, it didn't feel like it. So that that's incredible. I watched some others. Some other recordings from the link that you put up Liliana at some point, and and they don't always feel like this. And thi 3 it's pretty clear that the strategy that he was going for was show the difference between the beginning and the end.
Mircea Gogoncea: and, you know, show, realize where those points are that that difference exists. And even if that might have been retroactively what they decided to do like I don't know. If they knew from the beginning of the program that they were gonna focus on repeatability, and you know, improving the product but if that's the place where they grew the most, then, you know, that's what they should say so. I thought it made a lot of sense.
Lilliana Robinson: I completely agree. Snow.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, I I really like that. They actually address the really critical questions that audience may have.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So I think we also need to answer some of the the critical questions. And yeah, I really like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Me, too. So that is one of the things that Jake did so well in this, which is why he's always the first example I show, not because he gave the best pitch, like I. I think he even agrees it could have been stronger, but his QA. Really nailed it, and I think people who wouldn't have been interested in having follow up investor meetings with him. They would have written him off. Oh, viral cooking app okay, like that's not a billion dollar business. Oh, but now I'm interested. Cause the way he answered those questions.
Lilliana Robinson: Those are the questions I had, and he gave really good responses. I wanna learn more. And it worked because then he went on to raise not only in Chicago, but over here in the West coast.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil has reference, like Jason, Calcanis, and sequoia. So the next group, or the next company is actually related because it's Bloom filter, which is Eric who was in that is now the Co. CEO of this company. So in the next cohort, Eric was an er again, and he had bloom filter, and he really liked them. So Andrew, who is the current CEO in this video.
Lilliana Robinson: snagged him and brought him onto his team. So when you heard from him in the mental health workshop, and he referenced Bloomfield that he was working on. That is this company. So he was an Eir for this at this time. But
Lilliana Robinson: He has joined the company since, and they're doing extremely extremely well.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll we're going to watch the whole thing for this one, too. Oh, another disclaimer for this is that Andrew's video was weak.
Lilliana Robinson: So he spent $0 on his video. There's a way to spend $0 on your video and still have a good video. His video, like it was kind of last minute, and we didn't have time to tell him to redo it because it was good enough, but it was just barely good enough. So I would have wanted this to be a lot better. Yeah, Neil, do you want to talk about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, yeah, one. I really never. I never liked his video. So just sitting expectations there. And he knows that, but doesn't matter. They raised 7 million last year. They're doing great. And then, also, a couple of weeks ago, Andrew shared the stage with me in front of all the Texas lps and investors. And we basically did
Neal Sáles-Griffin: something similar to what you're gonna see on stage about his business, except about the overall techstars program experience for his company, so he has really good stage presence as a founder, and I think he demonstrates himself well with his energy.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, here we go.
Lilliana Robinson: Me.
Lilliana Robinson: I had to do it.
Lilliana Robinson: Accenture says, 68% of all software projects are late
Lilliana Robinson: over budget
Lilliana Robinson: or don't ship at all.
Lilliana Robinson: Harvard Business Review disagrees. They say that number is 78%.
Lilliana Robinson: And I've lived this. I was a software engineer for 17 years.
Lilliana Robinson: and I simply could not provide my team with the information they needed to succeed.
Lilliana Robinson: Bloom filter fixes this by reaching into the existing systems like Jira and Github.
Lilliana Robinson: giving analytics and AI to executives
Lilliana Robinson: to pull the information out, pinpoint their issues
Lilliana Robinson: and show them how to solve it.
Lilliana Robinson: We have. We've added 4 pilots in August. We're adding 4 more in September. These are multinational companies, and we're on track to add one more
Lilliana Robinson: per week
Lilliana Robinson: until mid Q. One of next year.
Lilliana Robinson: My name's Andrew Wolf. I'm the CEO and co-founder of Bloomfielder. And we're building the software development operating system.
Lilliana Robinson: Software is eaten the world. Let's stop it from eating our wallets.
Lilliana Robinson: Welcome to bloom, filter
Lilliana Robinson: with bloom filter. You can keep all of your software projects on track and on budget. Enable your teams to understand their issues and fix them. Build confidence in your organization to ship any idea. Let's see how it works
Lilliana Robinson: like credit, Karma, for your projects. You'll know exactly where you stand. When it matters most.
Lilliana Robinson: We help you understand your process issues and fix them before they harm your projects.
Lilliana Robinson: Our intuitive visualizations help you pinpoint exactly which behaviors cause
Lilliana Robinson: comes and went
Lilliana Robinson: line. Your team's worked the outcomes. It truly matched.
Lilliana Robinson: Most people treat software as a solo activity. It's not.
Lilliana Robinson: Where is the team sport.
Lilliana Robinson: We focus on your.
Lilliana Robinson: the thing that affects everyone on your team
Lilliana Robinson: ever think about how different our world would be if innovative projects actually shift. We have
Lilliana Robinson: join our mission to transform the software industry visit Bloomfielder, dot
Lilliana Robinson: boom, filter
Lilliana Robinson: software development operating system
Lilliana Robinson: and drew.
Lilliana Robinson: Hello, how are you? I'm doing. Well, yeah. Great to see you, too. So so excited to hear about how what you're building and the fact that it is transformative to really help improve the software development cycle. So
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know if it's just me or something's up with a shirt or what are you wearing today? Yeah, we designed this shirt the same way. Most people design their software messy. And it's sad. But the reality of the industry is that
Lilliana Robinson: people's processes prevent them from developing the software they want to to delivering with the quality that they want to, and that their customers deserve.
Lilliana Robinson: And so we're there to fix it.
Lilliana Robinson: Amazing. So well, it's great. So you're advocating for that and helping us fix it. So I know you have a quite a bit of a technical background in your DNA. So how has your experience and your co-founders experiences led you to to build this amazing company?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, let's talk about Chris for a minute. Who's my co-founder in the front row. I mean, there's one person in the world, I trust, more than him. That's my wife.
Lilliana Robinson: He's just. We've been working together for 8 years companies. We've built companies together. We've been in the trenches.
Lilliana Robinson: and he's an incredible guy, and if that was it, that'd be enough to work with him. But his leadership skills, his ability to deliver software with precision. It's impressive. It's really great. But as you alluded to, we're both computer science graduates. And
Lilliana Robinson: ultimately, we need other skills. And so we're hiring a marketing person and a customer success person. And we have all these great Logos. We want to take care of them.
Lilliana Robinson: That's great. And as we think about
Lilliana Robinson: what we saw on the on, the on the video today. So what some of the insights that you are providing that you think are really, you know, differentiating you in the market. And what are some of the insights that you can provide in the future. Like as you think about your roadmap.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, when we think about the roadmap, I'm gonna say that first, it's all about predictability. Once you're predictable, you become reliable when you're reliable, you hit your commitments. When you hit your commitments, it goes without saying your outcomes are ideal. Right? That's our roadmap for the rest of the year. We're gonna help. Our teams become predictable and level up their organizations. Currently, what we do is we help people see their issues right. There are
Lilliana Robinson: hundreds of issues that go wrong in software development. And we built an engine that can pinpoint them via data and show you this is what's happening, and this is exactly how to fix it for your team.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you give us like an example of? I know you have several customers, currently, you know in in your system. So maybe just as they launched, what is some of the, you know, quick improvements and maybe data points? How did predictability go up. You know how transparency improve their
Lilliana Robinson: understanding.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. One CIO comes to mind. He gave us a call probably 4 months ago and said, Hey, I need your help.
Lilliana Robinson: My engineering team isn't delivering.
Lilliana Robinson: And so we installed Bloom filter. And almost immediately we saw that it wasn't the engineering team. It was actually the product team. Their backlog wasn't well defined. They were pulling work into sprints. That wasn't, that weren't ready for development. They
Lilliana Robinson: we're doing things like pulling things in into sprints, putting them back in
Lilliana Robinson: it caused a lot of churn they were able to immediately identify and fix those issues they're now delivering on their commitments. They're actually feel good about their development process. And as a side benefit, their teams actually respect each other, and they're working with each other much better than they used to.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. That's great outcome. And you know, as we sort of think about scaling the company in sales, right? You mentioned sales is important, as you sort of look at the customer segments. What's been the sales cycle like? And how should we think about enterprise versus, you know, commercial kind of market.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, for enterprises. We're looking for 2 to 3 month sales cycle right now. And for S and B's is about one month.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a really urgent problem for people. For 2 reasons. We're right now in a weird economic situation where people have laid people off and have hiring freezes, people can hire our product
Lilliana Robinson: to do their job that they needed people to do before. And second, people have larger budgets than they've ever had before. People have seen 30, 40, 50, 60% higher, it spend and higher software development spend. And they need that to win. I mean, people's jobs are on the line about this. And companies, I mean, digital transformation is a do or die kind of thing. Now.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, absolutely. So with that in mind, sounds like, you're an inflection point. And so what can we do to support your growth? And what are you looking for from the fundraising perspective?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we're in a 370 k. Of a 700 k. Precede round that we're raising right now we to support our 2 amazing engineers who are in the audience
Lilliana Robinson: and hire that marketing person, that customer support
Lilliana Robinson: in terms of what we're looking for is missionaries. This is a massive problem. 2.1 trillion dollars was lost last year in the Us alone, because of poor software quality of that is 280 billion dollars
Lilliana Robinson: of software that did not ship.
Lilliana Robinson: This is truly a problem. It's endemic in our society, and we need to fix it. So we're looking for missionaries who want to come and join us and help fix this problem in particular. If you're a CIO or a CTO with a team between 25 and a hundred people that use cloud tools, nagual methodology, we're your people. Come, see us in the back.
Lilliana Robinson: So just 1% of this multi-billion market will make you a billion dollar valuation company. That's so amazingly cliche. I can't say it, but great job. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. One thing here that I just put in the chat is that that was a really good example of a QA. Slide behind. It's really important for your QA. Slide which won't be due until that first Monday before demo day. But you can send us versions asynchronously for feedback. It's really important that it enhances the QA. And does not distract from the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: So when I, what I mean by that is like people who put a ton of data on there and like all this different stuff, less is more, you don't want them to be reading that instead of like watching your carefully crafted QA. Kind of happen before their eyes instead, it's enhancing. So like he put the bloom, filter logo, and their customer Logos. Jake put
Lilliana Robinson: zest, and he had some customer testimonials behind him, like some some text messages that they put on Instagram, and a QR. Code to book a call with them. No. A. QR. Code to download the app.
Lilliana Robinson: We didn't talk about it. But Jake's goal was to get more downloads on the app, since they're B to C, so he put the QR code there and like people could scan it, but you could still listen to him. Other people put like key pieces of traction on there.
Lilliana Robinson: Other people just put stock images. We had a freight company. They just put like a freight stock image as like a watermark behind it, and put their logo on top and put like their website or something like that. And it doesn't even need to have a call of action, because I'm gonna show you Shelley, who's B to C with make it box. She was there. And you're sending killer updates workshop.
Lilliana Robinson: She just put people having fun making her creation. So it's like, Hello, fresh. But for baking. So there were people like baking with their families happy. So her QA. Slide was just to elicit the certain mood or feeling that she wanted her customers to feel so. She's like bringing you on that customer journey. So there are lots of different versions of a good QA. Side.
Lilliana Robinson: Any examples of
Lilliana Robinson: I I'll let. What do you do you mean? Perfect, perfect the Monday?
Lilliana Robinson: I'm not sure what your question is. I think there's a.
Alejandra Guillen: Sorry it it. It didn't type rate. No pre product demo days.
Alejandra Guillen: so companies that didn't have a product in the market yet.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil, are ocular, unbuilt, pre-product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Unbuilt.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. So you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, actually, actually, no, no, no, no, no unbuilt inocular. We're both. We're both in market, but unbuilt, was doing a huge pivot.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I have one that's pivoting. That's one of the reasons I I chose them in this video. Eir asked, what are you looking for in this fundraising event. I think it's important to answer with, ask for advice if you need to raise money. Mindset.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I agree.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Chamber
Neal Sáles-Griffin: chamber is was pre-product. I think they just got their product demo ready that week.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Ali, look up from our last demo. I'm not going to show it today. Chamber. It's the word chamber without the E. They'll be in the in the Oakland classroom last time? Parto asked which elements of his demo video, do you believe could be improved? So the sound for one mirror said that that was terrible. I also felt like the storyline was all over the place. So like, I really like
Lilliana Robinson: the like helping you guys with the product. Demo. Think of it as a storyboard doesn't need to have a literal story. But every video that you make has a beginning, middle, and end. You're bringing people along a journey to help them comprehend, and it felt like he was jumping around like he shows it. And then he's like, imagine the world in this dystopian thing, and it's like, what are you talking about? I I felt I still feel confused watching it, even though, like I helped to make it, and have watched it a thousand times.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andrew didn't know how to stand still.
Lilliana Robinson: I was.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And still, when he was, he was pacing around on the stage, and then he was also kind of nervous, and you could sense that nervous energy he got T. Softened up in the QA.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But at the beginning he had to get the jitters out.
Pardo Walter: Got it? Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we can probably get chamber to come in like I wouldn't say their demos, I said, was the best thing ever so like, just because they were Pre product and like pulled it off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There. There is one memorable aspect of the chamber pitch that I would highlight, which is Gabby.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: commanded attention in the room.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so there was light chatter in the back, because it was a huge room that had bad acoustics, and it had over 600 people in it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when Gabby got up there and started pitching. Everyone shut up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the whole space and started paying attention to it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I really enjoyed that moment.
Lilliana Robinson: That's true, if we have time, and then I can show you that one. But you guys can also watch it on your own. Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. So the the comment you were asking before, Liliana, was it the first video that we watched the one about the the video that didn't have the beginning, middle and end. Is that right? Or.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that was Andrews from Bloomfield, the one we just watched.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Oh, blue filter. But then, also the video, I I think a Neil said it. You didn't like that. That video can can you expand more, and what what you didn't like about that, and what we should not be doing in those videos.
Lilliana Robinson: I actually think Jake's video is really good. Jake was not super happy with his pitch. His video was really good, and the reason it was really good is because they are like viral Tiktok. Creators like that's like what they do. That's how they became popular. They have his best friend is his chief marketing officer, and he is like
Lilliana Robinson: makes millions of views with like comedy cooking stuff. And that's how they get people into the app. So they're just video people. And I really liked their video, his pitch. And QA. Is, I think, what Jake is self critical about.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I see, but it's the second one we watch that you're saying. There's no beginning a minute of hand. You need to tell a story is, is it? Is it the case that maybe, like the way I was talking? Ali is like the the 1 min pitch is why we're doing this
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and and and what what the solution is. And the and the video is more like what hide works, how the product works. But it can also be the customer journey, but we just need to tell us for it. Correct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, well, so think, think about who your who your audience is. Antonio, right? So each of you all are, gonna have a different stakeholder that you're probably designing your pitch, for some of you are designing your pitch for an investor conversation or interaction. Some of you are trying to speak to a potential partner. Some of you might even be trying to acquire customers. So whoever your stakeholder is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll use the investor one as an example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Think of you on the stage, and the whole point of that first minute with no background. Music, with no video, with no screen or slide behind you, is just you on the stage
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that 1 min is supposed to accomplish. The very simple task of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this person is saying something that's interesting enough for me to pay attention to them completely, and I'm curious to learn more, and I'm ready to listen for 5 more minutes, or 4 more minutes or 3 more minutes about what they have to say.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I would even say, like, if you're not talking about your customer journey in the pitch, you'd be remiss to leave it out like that needs to be hit on in the pitch. You could go into it even more in the video, which is what critique from activated scale does, which I'm about to show you. But like you need to talk about the customer journey in your pitch. That is everything. That's how you explain your business. What value do you bring to people? That's the whole thing.
Lilliana Robinson: And everyone's different, Antonio. So I'd be careful like for me to prescribe what you just said as correct, because, like, you have different goals than other people.
Lilliana Robinson: And when I say story, I don't mean any literal story. I mean that the video can't be disjointed like. Don't just bring in random things. You're just trying to shove so much in there that it doesn't make sense like you don't have to tell a literal story. Jake didn't, but it had a beginning, middle, and end. Here's zest. Here's our traction. Here's our call to action like that, was it. That was the minute.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, next one.
Lilliana Robinson: The next one is critique. So critique is A, B 2 B and the whole purpose of showing you his is. He brought a stage presence, so he ha has a very successful business. He's selling sales people to startups kinda like Jepo, but it's not AI they actually work together, mer and critique on some stuff, and he has really good numbers. He came with the energy. And he's really strong.
Lilliana Robinson: And his video is a great example of a customer testimonial. So he includes the customer, and he shows how he brings value. So we won't watch the QA. For the next few, so we can get through a couple. But let's watch his.
Lilliana Robinson: What's up, everybody? Good evening. Welcome to the show!
Lilliana Robinson: Hundreds of thousands of businesses are formed each year globally.
Lilliana Robinson: So many founders create such great products, but a product without a customer. Well, it's just that. It's a product. It's not a business.
Lilliana Robinson: The one thing that they all have in common. They all need sales.
Lilliana Robinson: sales, makes or breaks a company.
Lilliana Robinson: Sales is the difference between 6 and 18 months runway, especially today.
Lilliana Robinson: But hiring sales, talent. Gosh! It's so expensive and inefficient.
Lilliana Robinson: So at activated scale, we created a marketplace where we're connecting startups and small businesses with vetted and experienced fractional sales talent.
Lilliana Robinson: In just the last 12 months our customers have won more than $800,000 in net new revenue.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm Pratik Mahath, who is the founder of activated scare, and for the last 20 years I've sold for and built sales teams at startups and public companies.
Lilliana Robinson: Now I can keep telling you all how great this is.
Lilliana Robinson: or I can simply show you
Lilliana Robinson: welcome to activated scale a sales talent marketplace built for startups, meet Rene, our client, and the founder of Windsor, a seed-funded startup that is ready to scale.
Lilliana Robinson: He came to our site and clicked.
Lilliana Robinson: I need to win more revenue selling to technology buyers, typically at a mid-size company with an average deal size of $40,000 and connected with Nathan
Lilliana Robinson: in just 4 clicks. He hired a vetted and experienced fractional salesperson. Within the first month Rene generated enough revenue and profits to pay for activated scale. Let's hear what Rene has to say about his experience, and within the first month of hiring him we were not just reaching deals. We couldn't have otherwise. We were closing deals at a faster rate than we were able to before activated scale has fundamentally changed the trajectory for Windsor.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So I'm gonna not show the rest of the QA. But you guys can watch it on your own, do it? Says anyone have quick comments about critiques before I move on to A, B to C, example for my B to C folks.
Mircea Gogoncea: And I thought he was great. The the one thing that I that I that it could have been improved. And I'm really nit picking, because this is the best. The best performance I've seen so far. But the one thing that could have been improved is, if, at the end of the phrases. Your intonation always goes down in the same way. Then it's clear that you've memorized it. He needs a little bit more variety for it to sound a little more spontaneous but amazing delivery, otherwise.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: I feel the same way, like it's really hard to find things that were wrong. Did you guys see how he showed the product, but showed customer success like, that's a really good example of what you could do with the product video.
Lilliana Robinson: Shelley, right here. Her video also shows customer success. But it's B to C, and it's very creative. I really like this. And you guys met Shelley in the sending killer updates she just raised, I think, like one or 2. Mil.
Lilliana Robinson: she's doing great. But this was her video.
Lilliana Robinson: Me a.
Lilliana Robinson: It's so inside.
Lilliana Robinson: Hi, everyone. I'm Shelley, CEO of Bakufox.
Lilliana Robinson: I want to take you back to when you were a kid.
Lilliana Robinson: Remember what it felt like to spend time with your grandma in the kitchen.
Lilliana Robinson: cracking eggs into a bowl of flour and sugar.
Lilliana Robinson: whisking up melted chocolate, and the delicious smells of baked goods coming from the oven.
Lilliana Robinson: Now, when was the last time you had an experience like this.
Lilliana Robinson: Our busy lifestyles today don't allow us to continue these experiences for the next generation. Why? Because baking is challenging. You're constantly filtering through blogger life stories. You're wasting money buying retail sized ingredients and settling for limited options in the baking aisle. And, most importantly, there is no access to culturally diverse selections.
Lilliana Robinson: Anyone can make some dry box chocolate cake, but I bet you've never tried to make a Persian love cake
Lilliana Robinson: at bake it box. We provide a changing selection of culturally diverse baking kits that you will not find at your local grocery store with over $40,000 in sales to date. We are creating new cultural experiences for the next generation. You can give your kids, your nieces, your nephews, and your loved ones unique memories in the kitchen you'll be whisking together rose water and lemon and cardamom for that perfect Persian love cake. With a little help from us at bake it. Box
Lilliana Robinson: bakey box provides diverse baking kits from across the globe
Lilliana Robinson: from Mexico to India. Our customers experience delicious and unique flavors right at home
Lilliana Robinson: our kits come with a detailed recipe card and pre-mesured ingredients for a zero-waste experience.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, please.
Lilliana Robinson: hey, love.
Lilliana Robinson: you show.
Lilliana Robinson: and thrilled to try.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that. I got to try something new that I never would have done on my own. I've never made a
Lilliana Robinson: thanks so much for joining us. We hope you enjoy your
Lilliana Robinson: so where, under my B to C people, did you gain a lot from that like, does that make more sense? Because we'd only watch B 2 B. But all of these things can be applied to B to C as well.
Lilliana Robinson: I guess Jake's was B to C, too, but Shelley's was a great great
Lilliana Robinson: example of showing customer success like Jake didn't even really show customer success in his. He just focused on metrics. This is another way you could take it. All of these are valid, like everybody has taken it in different directions.
Lilliana Robinson: any points or questions here.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm just flying through, because I want to talk through a couple more examples.
Sahil Patel: Yeah, Liliana, do you find that it's too much? If somebody tries to do both metrics and customer success like, is there a reason they kind of went vertical with that, or can you do both pretty well?
Lilliana Robinson: Between your pitch and your video, you should hit both
Lilliana Robinson: cramming both in your video. I mean, you could. You'd probably have to do it more how Jake did where he like. He showed tweets from people. But he didn't like
Lilliana Robinson: show a bunch of video. I think there are very creative ways to incorporate all of it. You just want to be careful not to throw so much that like it gets lost in the noise like, Neil said. They'll only take away 3 things from your whole set from all 3 parts like 3 major points. So what do you want them to walk away with.
Lilliana Robinson: I would just cost you to not inundate them.
Lilliana Robinson: so that there's room for them to like. Remember.
Sahil Patel: Cool, great advice. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, cool. Okay, next.
Lilliana Robinson: So that was awesome. Next one is from our ebay class. So
Lilliana Robinson: let's see, I think it's unbuilt.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, okay. Unbuilt is an example of someone who had recently pivoted. I'm talking like a week before, maybe 2 weeks before, as a result of their why, before the Y, which was really cool, so they were not super into jobs to be done, but they gave it their best effort, and then they started getting all of these insights. They are A, B 2 B construction excess company, like they're trying to take the excess construction materials and be a marketplace for it, which helps the earth, but also makes a profit.
Lilliana Robinson: and they realize their jobs to be done certain things and completely pivoted after their Y before the Y. And this is what they came up with like within one to 2 weeks. And it's awesome. They also had a lot of like film experience because he used to work for Netflix. So their video is pretty cool, too.
Lilliana Robinson: No forget.
Lilliana Robinson: So right now, in this room
Lilliana Robinson: many of us are using secondhand products
Lilliana Robinson: apparel like this shirt
Lilliana Robinson: electronics like this refurbished iphone.
Lilliana Robinson: Maybe some of this furniture.
Lilliana Robinson: But there's another type of product that we all use.
Lilliana Robinson: that I can almost guarantee is not secondhand.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a 4 trillion dollar global industry
Lilliana Robinson: with an economic, social and environmental footprint larger than those other categories combined.
Lilliana Robinson: Talking about building goods like the lights and the flooring and the doors and windows.
Lilliana Robinson: and all the materials that make up this space.
Lilliana Robinson: Now you can buy these materials at a local salvage store, or maybe online at a resale site.
Lilliana Robinson: But these options don't have the specialized services that the construction industry needs to really embrace secondhand at scale.
Lilliana Robinson: So only 1% of the materials that could be reused ever are.
Lilliana Robinson: and that makes construction expensive and wasteful.
Lilliana Robinson: To put it in perspective.
Lilliana Robinson: if you filled up a line of dump trucks with all the construction waste from US. Landfills alone, it would stretch around the entire planet 3 times.
Lilliana Robinson: Now the good news is, people want to build better
Lilliana Robinson: and it unbuilt? That's what we're helping them do.
Lilliana Robinson: Here's my Co. Founder, Sarah, to tell you how
Lilliana Robinson: unbuilt is the resale marketplace for building Dougs.
Lilliana Robinson: We make it easy for anyone involved in construction to resell their leftover materials instead of throwing them away
Lilliana Robinson: by consolidating these products together in a single curated online store with big discounts and expert customer support. We've created the go-to destination for renovators with big dreams and modest budgets.
Lilliana Robinson: Since launch. We've acquired thousands of unused products from our partners and sold them to customers around the world at an average order value of over $500. Our customers save 40 to 70% off retail and cut weeks off delivery. Since there's no need for manufacturing
Lilliana Robinson: our unique audience and focus on high quality brands has also attracted top dealers and manufacturers who sell their excess inventory through our platform
Lilliana Robinson: at unbuilt. We're making building more sustainable, beautiful
Lilliana Robinson: and affordable for everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So that was unbuilt.
Lilliana Robinson: This is a great example of like someone being super nervous, but it not mattering. I'm sure not every single one of you is a very natural public speaker, and Matt certainly wasn't, and he was very open about that. But he got up there. He memorized his pitch. He spoke slowly, so he was still able to be comprehended, and the business spoke for itself.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is a another good example of someone who had just pivoted. So it wasn't even that he just had this insane business. It's just he understands his customers. And you can watch that. And you just know it's gonna work like, I want a piece of that business because that's gonna succeed. And he hits even more in the QA. Which you can watch later.
Lilliana Robinson: I I had another B 2 B called ocular to watch, but I think I'll since a lot of you are pre product and would like to see Chamber. We can watch that one now, too.
Lilliana Robinson: Just give me a second to pull it up because I didn't have it.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anybody have any questions or comments from what we've seen so far, while I pull it up.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think I might have missed it. But he didn't have any traction at all right, because he was new, because the pivot had just happened.
Mircea Gogoncea: It's yeah. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: They had former like orders that had gone in like they had an average order, size, and stuff. But it was they didn't have like traction. That was pretty impressive at all, and it a lot of it was very new. So he just spoke from knowing the customer, which was very valid, and worked tunde.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So it's interesting.
Tunde IO : Okay, yeah. I think this is the probably the first pitch. this is the first presentation that he, the founder involved his co-founder cause. He mentioned that his co-founder, I think she spoke. Are there, cause I guess there's a heavy focus on one person and a lot of teams. Have you? Are there? Have you seen other ways that the team have been involved can be involved?
Tunde IO : And yeah, d.
Lilliana Robinson: So that wasn't the only one, if you remember, like most of them, mentioned their team in the QA. In Andrew, and Jake's so like Andrew, said his co-founder. He trusts more than anyone by his wife. And then Jake talked about his team being like extremely viral, and having all these followers. So you definitely wanna mention your team in the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: The person on stage needs to be the CEO but in the video, even if they don't say it like the person baking with Shelley, that's her co-founder. So that person that was holding the baby. That's her coo. Every single person pretty much had their co-founders involved the people in the Tiktoks that Jake showed. That was Graham. That's his co-founder. So you're
Lilliana Robinson: co-founders should be like all over this just because they're not literally the person on stage.
Lilliana Robinson: on Bill. I did have his co-founder narrate it. Most people hired someone to narrate, but Sarah really wanted to do it. She had a great voice to do it, so that one was like a rare case. So it's up to you.
Lilliana Robinson: but I highly highly recommend your team being a part of it today. That was a great question.
Lilliana Robinson: Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: It's interesting how they were. They were pre product. But it's still the presentation felt like that. Customers right like they. They probably knew their customers so well the the numbers that they showed, and and then map actually, with all the location I I maybe I missed. What did the map really was I. It felt almost like it was a that all their customers there. But I the presentation, looked a lot like that. Kpis and and customers.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, they did. This one was not pre-product this one they had recently pivoted the next one. I'm going to show you. So this one. They had customers.
Lilliana Robinson: They had just pivoted their idea completely, and like made this kind of in the past 2 weeks. So they had people already buying their construction equipment. But then they started pivoting. They kind of said in there toward like manufacturers, people started gaining interest there. They also changed how? Their website is a lot of stuff changed, and they were able to make it seem like it hadn't cause they already were selling. It's the same company they pivoted completely and really understand the customer story. And they had some metrics before.
Lilliana Robinson: But they didn't have amazing metrics, right? They weren't like, we've made a x $100,000. You know. They didn't say any of that, but it was still very compelling.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, last, but not least. So I do recommend you guys go watch. Ocular. Okay. ULAR but I will show you chamber
Lilliana Robinson: for those who are pre-product.
Lilliana Robinson: Would you hop on a plane with a pilot who learned how to fly just by watching a video.
Lilliana Robinson: I know I wouldn't.
Lilliana Robinson: Yet. Companies do this with sales. The lifeblood of their business
Lilliana Robinson: sales reps are thrown into calls, and demos, after having just watched a few videos.
Lilliana Robinson: And that is why less than 25% of US. Sales reps actually hit their targets.
Lilliana Robinson: Turns out selling is a lot like flying. A plane. Practice makes perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm Gabriela, cofounder of chamber. We use AI to help sales teams, close more deals through game based simulations.
Lilliana Robinson: During techstars we identified a stronger Icp. And now 4 out of 5 prospect Demos convert to a next meeting. We have exceptional companies in our pipeline, including Microsoft, Stripe Deal, Mongodb, and many others. Microsoft loved our products so much that they even paid us 20 K to integrate with their ecosystem.
Lilliana Robinson: wear a flight simulator for every sales team that will eventually automate the entire sales enablement department.
Lilliana Robinson: We are here to change sales forever. And here's our first step.
Lilliana Robinson: David. We're already using a very similar product. Yes, but this upcoming feature will will. Oh, what did that feature do again.
Lilliana Robinson: Looks like David just lost another prospect. I am Sophie, his sales enablement manager.
Lilliana Robinson: I run a team of 32 sales reps.
Lilliana Robinson: Last year our company lost 18.4 8 million dollars due to rep underperformance.
Lilliana Robinson: What could help my reps actually achieve their quotas? Watch a video on objection handling
Lilliana Robinson: clearly not pay 6 figures for sales. Consulting, not with this year's budget.
Lilliana Robinson: We started using Chamber Chamber uses real data from our company to create AI-powered customer personas for my sales reps.
Lilliana Robinson: This offers them all the benefits of real-time practice, but in a gamified, risk-free environment, without losing our company's valuable prospects. My sales team is now on track to hit our targets faster than ever before.
Lilliana Robinson: They've also increased their average deal size, not to mention that David is now our best performing sales rep.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Chamber.
Lilliana Robinson: all right.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I know we have only 2 min left, Neil. Did you want to comment on Chambers performance like, I feel like their video could have definitely been better. But they really did just like pull that out at the last minute because they had been pivoting. They were pre-product. They were really big on jobs to be done. They did it all the way until about week 10, and then that's what they came up with, and their whole idea was to get interest and customers that would be in their pipeline, for when they were ready to launch, and that happened.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I'll let Alex speak to you all at some point, and he can elaborate more on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know their Microsoft integration, and how they were able to, you know, kind of pull off that prototype pilot. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what was the other question? The Leanna.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, just what you thought like. I don't think that was a perfect example. But Gabby did a great job commanding the room.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah. Oh, she she committed the room. She had confidence. She clearly timed it out like, even if you don't remember what she said, you remember her confidence, and how she delivered it, and it was one of the more standout pitches for the day.
Lilliana Robinson: And it's important that when you're excited, you're not speaking quickly, though cause nerves, like that happens to me all the time, you speak so fast. People can't understand you. That was a good example that Gabby still didn't speak fast. She was just excited.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have 1 min left. I'll stay on for questions afterward. But this is just to get you guys thinking so you don't have an action item here. I'll actually tell you. When you meet with Troy in 2 weeks, that it's time to start thinking about your pitch, for now just have this in your head. Now you have your north star. You know what we're going toward. All your questions hopefully have been answered, and you can start iterating your business to gain the growth that you'd like to present.
Lilliana Robinson: I hope a lot of you can feel better and like sleep better, knowing what is going on and not being so nervous for demo day, because it's truly just one day it's one day, and the next day you'll wake up and you're gonna still be running your business. So I'll stay on for questions. But this is great, guys. Thanks for all your participation.